Hi. I'm Beth Weatherbee.
I'm, the music, teacher here
at Port Elgin Regional School.
I also do some fizz ed and,
I call myself the PR specialist
here of the school.
I think that's probably very small letters
everywhere.
And I am in charge of the Facebook pages,
and I also get a lot of information out
first, with a, class dojo.
So,
I started a long time ago that we started
putting information up on Facebook
about the school,
and really, it's used a lot now,
a lot of people are using it,
and a lot of people are sending stuff
to, to share.
So it's been helpful that way.
Looks like a lot of information going out
so they can see what visitors we have
at the school.
We they can see
who's made donations to the school.
In our community, they can see, students
that have won tournaments
or dance competitions,
they can see teachers who have won awards
in the last couple weeks.
So it's it's a lot of good news stuff.
It's also maybe making people aware
of, trying to stay down at 15km
when they're coming in the yard
so that we don't have any accidents,
and just getting the information
out there about what's
going on in our school, in our community.
Dojo is a closed
site, so only parents are on that one.
Facebook page is anybody
who wants to order over 1000, followers.
So that would be grandparents
and other family members.
And I know we have some, former Mariners
who who,
like to follow and follow our page.
And, so it tends to be just community
members, retired teachers, students
that used to go here,
and parents,
you know, of kids that used to go here.
So, yeah. right.
And so we're really aware
that we may have parents that don't read.
So sending out newsletters is great,
but it doesn't really help
if they are not able to read.
So, we can use our video technology
that we have here
and students can can read the, the notices
and, and they get the opportunity
to get some presentation skills and,
we get to share them.
And that goes both on Facebook
and on dojo.
Just might be a lice notification
or sleeping tips
or tips to help with anxiety
and things like that.
So. Oh,
I think my biggest takeaway is that,
the more information
that we get out there, the more
communicating we do, the more that we see
that there's great things happening here.
And people kind of feel real positive
about what's
going on at our school,
knowing that we've got a green house here.
And the link is here
and, the health center
and libraries, we've got a lot of things
in this kind of hub area,
and I feel like we're,
kind of a positive area because of that.
for tips, I think.
Get your media release forms.
So you're the person
who's posting stuff, just has a list
and it just can go directly through that.
And then have communications
going on within the staff.
What do they want to see on there?
And they then it becomes the point
where a lot of the staff
just share it right to me and say, hey,
please post this and post this.
So we have a lot of our wins,
getting posted up there
and a lot of our,
things that we're grateful for.
So yeah.